Legend has it that the Lord God slaughtered the dragon with a sword
Refining the golden pill to Jinghong Sword
This is Jinghong Sword
Could he be the real Lord God?
We misunderstood.
Jinghong Sword is here
Do you have any questions?
Lord God
Xu Shaode, you have repeatedly disrespected the Lord God
Today is the day our Lord God is ordained
The joyous day of the king side by side
Let you go, if you still dare to entangle
Don't blame us for being rude.
Hmph, don't think you're like this, I'll believe it
What else do you want to say?
The red sword is the divine sword of the Lord of God
Only the Lord God can draw this sword
If you have the guts, pull this sword out too
Why don't you dare?
If you can't pull it out, say you can't pull it out. Why?
Dead duck
I can naturally draw this sword
But have you forgotten
Jinghong Sword is bound to be happy when it is unsheathed
Are you ready? Stop talking to me here
I'll tell you what.
You can't draw this sword today
You are a fake
Today I'm going to clean the door for the king
Difficult bastard
But it suits my heart
Jinghong is at the head
Just take this to completely confirm the identity of the Lord God of Zhou Xiao
Xu Shao Dejin
The sky is a great day for our Lord God to be sealed
You have repeatedly offended
Aren't you afraid that the lord will blame you?
blame
You brought a fake to the wind
The main thing is to know who you say he should blame
Ask God to draw his sword
You all listen to me
If this kid can't draw this sword
Take these sinners who deceive the king
All of them will be sent to Beijing by my lender
Judged by the Lord himself
Lord Gods are our great heroes
This kid is holding a Jinghong sword
Impersonating Lord God
If he can't draw this sword
I, Xu Shaode, swear to kill him on the spot
The man refused to draw his sword
Is it really fake?
Young Master Xu, hurry up and do it
This person is actually impersonating the Lord God
Hateful
Lord God had it half a year ago
After World War I, there was no news
Now someone is pretending to be Lord God
Is it challenging the bottom line of all of us?
Don't worry.
If this kid is a false god
My Zhenguo Shenfu will definitely take the Qing army policy
Zhengguo Yunqing Qing
Ce Zheng Guo Yun Qing Qing
Heshengguo transports Qingyun
Caozhengguo Yunqing Army
Form a genuine national transportation, China transportation